<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">

<head>
   <title>owl and pussycat</title>
   
   <meta name="dc:identifier"  content="id=uuid_id, opf:scheme=uuid"/>
   
   <link rel="stylesheet"
          type="text/css"
          href="./style.css"/>
   
   
</head>

	<body>
		
		<div title="navcategory=book bib=dc:title" id="booktitle"><h4>The owl and the pussycat</h4></div>
		<p/>
		<div>by </div><div title="bib=dc:creator">Edward Lear</div>
		
		<div title="navcategory=chapter" id="owl"><h4>stanza 1</h4></div>
		
                <h4 title="bib=dc:identifier bib.opf:scheme=uuid bib.id=uuid_id">isbn_goes_here</h4>
		

		<p>
		The owl and the pussycat went to sea<br/>
		in a beautiful pea green boat.<br/>
		They took some honey and plenty of money<br/>
		Wrapped up in a five-pound note.
		</p>
		
		<div title="navcategory=chapter" id="looked"><h4>stanza 2</h4></div>
		
		<p>
		The owl looked up to the stars above<br/>
		and sang to a small guitar<br/>
		"Oh lovely pussy oh pussy my love<br/>
		what a beautiful pussy you are.<br/>
		You are, you are,<br/>
		What a beautiful pussy you are."
		</p>
		
		<div title="navcategory=chapter" id="elegant"><h4>stanza 3</h4></div>
		
		<p>
		Pussy said to the owl, "You elegant fowl,<br/>
		how charmingly sweet you sing.<br/>
		Oh let us be married.  Too long we have tarried,<br/>
		but what will we do for a ring?<br/>
		</p>
		
		<div title="navcategory=chapter" id="sailed"><h4>stanza 4</h4></div>
		<p>
		They sailed away for a year and a day<br/>
		to the land where the bong tree grows<br/>
		and there in a wood a piggy wig stood<br/>
		with a ring at the end of his nose.<br/>
		His nose, his nose,<br/>
		a ring at the end of his nose.<br/>
		</p>

		<div title="navcategory=chapter" id="pig"><h4>stanza 5</h4></div>
		<p>
		"Dear pig, are you willing to sell for one shilling<br/>
		your ring?" Said the piggy "I will."<br/>
		So they took it away and were married next day<br/>
		By the turkey who lived on the hill.<br/>
		</p>
		
                <h4 title="navcategory=chapter" id="dined">stanza 6</h4>
		<p>
		They dined on mince and slices of quince<br/>
		which they ate with a runciple spoon,<br/>
		and, hand in hand on the edge of the sand,<br/>
		they danced by the light of the moon.<br/>
		The moon, the moon.<br/>
		They danced by the light of the moon.
		</p>		
		
		
	</body>
</html>